So that was it,
we added a lot of logic again
but now something huge happened.
Our react native application is finally connected to a server and all the places we share are shared
across the whole universe of our app users,
any device can see them because we stored them on a server.
You learned how to upload images, how to upload the rest of the data, how to view that and fetch the places
and also how to delete the places then,
everything we need here. Now the one thing our application still does though is that it doesn't enforce
authentication,
anyone can do this.
We have this nice authentication screen but we can enter whatever we want.
The next step will be to add a real authentication to make sure users have to sign up and to then have an
application where we clearly only grant access to authenticated users.